c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\WpfAppDC.exe.config
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\WpfAppDC.exe
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\WpfAppDC.pdb
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC_Content.g.cs
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC.g.resources
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC.exe
c:\users\vattanac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WpfAppDC\WpfAppDC\obj\Debug\WpfAppDC.pdb
